# Problem
Can the increase in life expectancy since World War 2 be largely explained by increases in GDP per capita? To Answer this big question, we brainstormed a series of questions he would like us to address, which can be divided into three groups:
– GDP and life expectancy in 2007: How does life expectancy vary with GDP per capita in 2007? Can the trends be well-described by a simple model such as a linear model, or is a more complicated model required? Is the pattern the same or different for every continent? If some continents are different, which ones? Can differences between continents be simply described by an additive or multiplicative shift, or is it more complicated than that?
– Life expectancy over time by continent: How has average life expectancy changed over time in each continent? Have some continents caught up (at least partially) to others? If so, is this just because of some countries in the continent, or is it more general? Have the changes been linear, or has it been faster/slower in some periods for some continents? What might explain periods of faster/slower change?
– Changes in the relationship between GDP and life expectancy over time: How has the relationship between GDP and life expectancy changed in each continent? Can changes in life expectancy be entirely explained by changes in GDP per capita? Does it look like there’s a time effect on life expectancy in addition to a GDP effect? Has there been “convergence” in the sense that perhaps GDP and/or continent don’t matter as much as it used to? Are there exceptions to the general patterns? 

